=head1 NAME

checkarm - Check Association Reference Manual for Summits on the Air programme

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<checkarm> [B<-f> arm.tex [B<-l>]] 
[B<-L> summits.csv B<-a> association [B<-T>]] 
[B<-n>|B<-m>] [B<-r> region.txt]
[B<-h>] [B<-v>] [B<-V>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<checkarm> can be used to compare local text file ARM 
(Association Reference Manual) to summit list downloaded from SOTA database. 
The ARM file is given with option B<-f>, the summit list file with
option B<-L> and the association name with B<-a>. For each summit reference
the altitude in both meters and feets are compared. The latitude and
longitude coordinates are compared. The grid square locator is calculated
from the summit list and compared to the value found from local ARM.
The points attributed to the summit are compared to value found from the
summit list. The summit validity start and end dates are compared
between ARM and summit list. The names can be compared too with options
B<-n> or B<-m>. With option B<-n> ASCII hash is used to convert the 
characters to LaTeX representation while with option B<-m> Unicode hash
is used.

After the detailed comparison between local ARM file and database list
a summary report is printed. This includes list of summits and regions,
number of locator grid squares and points attributed to different summits.

The summit list from SOTA database is checked for any two summits 
close to each other. These could be possible duplicates. 

=head1 OPTIONS

B<-f> association reference manual file

B<-l> list all summits in ARM

B<-L> summit list from SOTA database 

B<-a> association name

B<-T> print summit list from database in LaTeX table format

B<-n> convert names with ASCII hash to LaTeX format

B<-m> convert names with Unicode hash to LaTeX format

B<-r> list of latitude and longitude coordinates for region definition

B<-h> display a short help text

B<-v> verbose

B<-V> print version

=head1 EXAMPLE

Compare local TeX ARM to downloaded CSV summit list

B<checkarm> B<-f> ARM-Finland-20150301.tex B<-L> summitslist.csv B<-a> Finland

List all the summits on the ARM with Unicode for summit names

B<checkarm> B<-f> ARM-Finland-20150301.tex B<-l>

Select summits inside polygon defined in file I<region.txt>

B<checkarm> B<-f> ARM-Finland-20150301.tex B<-l> B<-r> region.txt

Print LaTeX table formatted list of summits and convert names to LaTeX format

B<checkarm> B<-L> summitslist.csv B<-a> Finland B<-T> B<-m>

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

The I<checkarm> has been tested with perl v5.10.1. You may need to adapt 
the script to your environment. 

=head1 BUGS


=head1 AUTHORS

Jaakko Koivuniemi OH7BF, if tod lars ta fb7ho

=head1 LINKS

=head1 SEE ALSO

Getopt::Std(3pm) 
